Home, For Fans, For influencers, Features, FAQ’s

Build direct, meaningful connections.
Ear1 helps you connect directly with your favourite influencers for a small fee. What’s more? We assure you of getting a reply.

What can Ear1 help you do?
Are you an individual looking to connect with an influencer without the hassle of waiting for the reply over a long time, or an influencer looking to filter your dm’s and connect with your audience, Ear1 has got you covered.

Fans
Connect with top influencers in your field
From Tech to music to business, Ear1 has a wide range of industry experts in diverse fields you have always wanted to connect with. Now is your best chance.

Fans
Be assured of replies
With ear1, we assure you of getting a response to your messages. Don’t be part of the noise in the dms. Get ahead of the game by paying a small fee. 

Chris Ekpenyong
Hey Boss, I am Charles an upcoming producer and I make beats which I’d like you to hear I’m not looking to hire a producer now
Hey, Nice to meet you 9:05pm
I’m not looking to hire a producer now 9:05pm
Sorry. Another time

Earn money while you chat
As an influencer, you get paid by your audience to connect with them. That way to maximize time while earning. 

influencer
Filter the noise in the dm’s
Ear1 helps you get rid of all the noise in your dm’s across other social media apps. This way, you are sure to connect with serious people and make genuine business and personal connections.

The ear1 assurance
Ease of Use
With as simple of 3 steps, you can get started using ear1.
Multi currency support
Ear1 allows you to pay with a wide range of currencies.
Secure communication
State of the art end to end encryption of messages. No weird sort of tracking. Your privacy is our concern.

Get ahead of your game
Save time and effort. Ear1 is your best choice.
Be in the know. Get access to amazing offers and discounts
Enter your email address 
submit

Links
Home, For Fans, For influencers, Features, 
Get help
Support
FAQ’s
Partnership
Download
Andriod
IOS
Resources
Terms of service
Privacy policy